# Gregorian-Calendar
P2.7  The GregorianCalendar class describes a point in time, as measured by the Gregorian calendar, the standard calendar that is commonly used throughout the world today. You construct a GregorianCalendar object from a year, month, and day of the month, like this: GregorianCalendar cal = new GregorianCalendar(); // Today’s date GregorianCalendar eckertsBirthday = new GregorianCalendar(1919,      Calendar.APRIL, 9); Use the values Calendar.JANUARY . . . Calendar.DECEMBER to specify the month. The add method can be used to add a number of days to a GregorianCalendar object: cal.add(Calendar.DAY_OF_MONTH, 10); // Now cal is ten days from today This is a mutator method—it changes the cal object. The get method  can be used to query a given GregorianCalendar object: int dayOfMonth = cal.get(Calendar.DAY_OF_MONTH); int month = cal.get(Calendar.MONTH); int year = cal.get(Calendar.YEAR); int weekday = cal.get(Calendar.DAY_OF_WEEK);    // 1 is Sunday, 2 is Monday, . . . , 7 is Saturday Your task is to write a program that prints: • The date and weekday that is 100 days from today. • The weekday of your birthday. • The date that is 10,000 days from your birthday. Use the birthday of a computer scientist if you don’t want to reveal your own birthday. Hint: The GregorianCalendar class is complex, and it is a really good idea to write a few test programs to explore the API before tackling the whole problem. Start with a program that constructs today’s date, adds ten days, and prints out the day of the month and the weekday.
